DOC-2171: bug fix documentation entry for TINY-9776 in `6.7-release-notes.adoc` (#2921)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

This error condition no longer presents and, for this release, the error catching logic, associated error message, and error message translations, have all been removed.

==== PowerPaste prevented uploaded images from using their original file-name
// TINY-9776

Previously **PowerPaste** used an internal image management mechanism.

> This mechanism ignored `images_reuse_filename`, which prevented uploaded images from keeping and using their original filenames.

Reviewer: Feels like a double negative

```suggestion
This mechanism ignored `images_reuse_filename`, which is used to retain original image filenames when they are uploaded.
```

> With **PowerPaste** 6.2.1, the plugin has been switched to use core {productname} image management logic, which takes proper note of `images_reuse_filename`.

Author: ```suggestion
With **PowerPaste** 6.2.2, the plugin has been switched to use core {productname} image management logic, which takes proper note of `images_reuse_filename`.
```

> Image filenames are now managed correctly, and as expected, when images are uploaded.

Reviewer: Having `image` in there twice feels wrong, but I'm not sure whether to delete the first or swap out the second 😂 

```suggestion
Image filenames are now managed correctly, and as expected, when they are uploaded.
```
